# End term TDS

### Post 1 (ID: 614904)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) can you give me some advice regarding preparation for
end term exam.


---

### Post 2 (ID: 614917)

any question papers for preparations and on what basis the questions would
come


---

### Post 3 (ID: 616352)

[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)

Hi,

We have 6 days for ET. I request you to share module weightage (if it’s not
secret).  
Please release mock as early as possible because this term course content has
been changed so pyqs won’t help much.

Thanks  
Sujay D


---

### Post 4 (ID: 616358)

[@carlton](/u/carlton), please release the mock or give us the proper
resources. The resources in the course introduction and the pyqs have no
similarities. Many questions come from other topics, such as MLT and many
others. Those who didn’t complete it find it too difficult. Please don’t keep
us in delusion.


---

### Post 5 (ID: 616381)

Going through GA’s would be good idea.


---

### Post 6 (ID: 616386)

Yes sir please it will help us to prepare better for end term.


---

### Post 7 (ID: 616387)

Yes sir we all are facing the same problem.


---

### Post 8 (ID: 616397)

The Tuesday and the Thursday session will cover end term including a mock.

End term is usually very easy for TDS. A look at prior end terms is a good
indicator of how easy they are.

Kind regards


---

### Post 9 (ID: 616415)

[@Carlton](/u/carlton) With just 5 days left, I wanted to ask for a quick
suggestion.

I’m prioritizing PYQs for sure, but between revisiting lectures and attending
TA sessions (both quite time-consuming), which one would you recommend
focusing on for better returns?

Also, if possible, could you please point out the top 2–3 most important
topics—maybe things like LLM, Data Sourcing, etc.—to give more attention to?


---

### Post 10 (ID: 616425)

I recommend attending the Tues and Thurs session this week or watching the
recordings. Its the same every term, those that attend the session score the
best marks. I say this because there is no way for me to convey in a discourse
post all the important things to focus on. But I can do that in a 2 hour
session.


---

### Post 11 (ID: 616993)

Practice PYQ Drive link provied in Tuesdays End term revision Session

[docs.google.com](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x5KAXRlvZLvRjrRfIxFWuNpc8wwboLc21PpYKn8Fv90/edit?usp=drivesdk)
[](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x5KAXRlvZLvRjrRfIxFWuNpc8wwboLc21PpYKn8Fv90/edit?usp=drivesdk)

### [PYQ
Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x5KAXRlvZLvRjrRfIxFWuNpc8wwboLc21PpYKn8Fv90/edit?usp=drivesdk)

This Sheet is private


---

### Post 12 (ID: 617150)

Sir could you provide the recording for yesterday’s live session as in youtube
its not uploaded yet  
Thank you


---

### Post 13 (ID: 617151)

Sir will the recent 3 pyqs be sufficient as the pyqs before 2024 are different
compared to the recent ones. Could u pls let us know about it  
Thank you

